#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-stac
    #   rasterio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
bokeh==3.7.3
    # via dask
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via odc-geo
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   planetary-computer
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via rasterio
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via bokeh
dask[array,complete,dataframe,diagnostics,distributed]==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
distributed==2025.7.0
    # via dask
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via dask
gdal==3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
geopandas==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
joblib==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via pystac
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lz4==4.4.4
    # via dask
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via distributed
narwhals==2.0.1
    # via bokeh
networkx==3.4.2
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   geopandas
    #   imageio
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   pandas
    #   pyogrio
    #   rasterio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   tifffile
    #   xarray
odc-geo==0.4.10
    # via
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
odc-loader==0.5.1
    # via odc-stac
odc-stac==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   geopandas
    #   lazy-loader
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pyogrio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   xarray
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-stac
    #   xarray
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   scikit-image
planetary-computer==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==7.0.0
    # via distributed
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via dask
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via planetary-computer
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyogrio==0.11.0
    # via geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via rasterio
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   rioxarray
pystac[validation]==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   odc-stac
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
pystac-client==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   planetary-computer
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via planetary-computer
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   planetary-computer
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   rioxarray
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
rioxarray==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.16.1
    # via scikit-image
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
tblib==3.1.0
    # via distributed
tifffile==2025.6.11
    # via scikit-image
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   odc-stac
    #   partd
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   distributed
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   odc-stac
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   requests
xarray==2025.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   rioxarray
xyzservices==2025.4.0
    # via bokeh
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
